Honor. sacred our and Fortunes our Lives, our other each 
pledge mutually we Providence, Divine of Protection the on 
firm a with Declaration, this of support the for And  do. right 
may States Independent which Things and Acts other all do to 
Commerce, establish Alliances, contract Peace, conclude War, 
to Power full have they States, Independent and Free as that 
dissolved; totally be to ought and is Britain, Great 
State the and them between connection political all that 
Crown, British the to Allegiance all from Absolved are they 
States; Independent and Free be to ought Right of 
are, Colonies United these That declare, and publish 
Colonies, these of People good the of Authority the by 
Name, the in do, intentions, our of rectitude the for world 
of Judge Supreme the to appealing Assembled, Congress, General 
America, of States United the of Representatives the therefore, 

Friends. Peace in War, in Enemies mankind, of rest the hold we 
them, hold and Separation, our denounces which necessity, the in 
therefore, must, We  consanguinity. of and justice of voice the to 
been have too They  correspondence. and connections our 
inevitably would which usurpations, these disavow to kindred 
our of ties the by them conjured have we and magnanimity, 
justice native their to appealed have We  here. 
and emigration our of circumstances the of them reminded have 
us. over jurisdiction unwarrantable an extend to 
their by attempts of time to time from them warned have 
brethren. Brittish our to attention in wanting been We have 

People. free a 
ruler the be to unfit is Tyrant, a define may which act every 
marked thus is character whose Prince, A  injury. repeated by 
answered been have Petitions repeated Our  terms: humble most the 
Redress for Petitioned have We Oppressions these of stage every 

conditions. and sexes ages, all of destruction undistinguished an 
warfare, of rule known whose Savages, Indian merciless 
frontiers, our of inhabitants the on bring to 
has and us, amongst insurrections domestic excited has 

Hands. their by themselves fall to or Brethren, and friends 
of executioners the become to Country, their against Arms bear 
Seas high the on Captive taken Citizens fellow our constrained has 

nation. civilized a of Head the of unworthy totally and ages, barbarous 
the in paralleled scarcely perfidy & Cruelty of circumstances 
begun already tyranny, and desolation death, of works the compleat 
mercenaries foreign of armies large transporting time this at is 

people. our of lives the destroyed 
towns, our burnt Coasts, our ravaged seas, our plundered has 

us. against War waging 
Protection his of out us declaring by here, Government abdicated has 

whatsoever. cases all in us for legislate to Power with 
themselves declaring and Legislatures, own our suspending 

Governments: our of Forms the fundamentally altering 
Laws, valuable most our abolishing Charters, our away taking 

Colonies: these into rule 
same the introducing for instrument fit and example 
once at it render to as so Boundaries its enlarging 
government, Arbitrary an therein establishing 
neighbouring a in Laws English of System free the abolishing 

offences: pretended for tried be to Seas beyond us transporting 

Jury: by Trial of benefits the of cases, many in us, depriving 

Consent: our without us on taxes imposing 

world: the of parts all with Trade our off cutting 

States: these of Inhabitants the on commit should they 
Murders any for Punishment from Trial, mock a by them, protecting 

us: among troops armed of bodies large quartering 

legislation: pretended of Acts their to Assent his 
laws; our by unacknowledged and constitution, our to 
jurisdiction a to us subject to others with combined has 

Power. Civil the to superior 
of independent Military the render to affected has 

legislatures. our of Consent the 
Armies Standing peace, of times in us, among kept has 

substance. their out eat and People, our harass to 
of swarms hither sent and Offices, New of multitude a erected has 

salaries. their of payment and amount the and offices, their 
tenure the for alone, Will his on dependent judges made has 

Powers. Judiciary establishing for Laws 
Assent his refusing by Justice, of Administration the obstructed has 

Lands. of Appropriations new of conditions the raising 
hither, migration their encourage to others pass to 
Foreigners; of Naturalization of Laws the obstructing purpose that 
States; these of population the prevent to endeavoured has 

within. convulsions and without, from invasion of dangers the all 
exposed time mean the in remaining State the exercise; their 
large at People the to returned have Annihilation, of 
Powers, Legislative the whereby elected; be to others cause 
dissolutions, such after time, long a for refused has 

people. the of rights the on invasions his firmness manly 
opposing for repeatedly, Houses Representative dissolved has 

measures. his with compliance 
them fatiguing of purpose sole the for Records, 
their of depository the from distant and 
unusual, places at bodies legislative together called has 

only. tyrants to formidable and them to 
right a Legislature, the in Representation of right 
relinquish would people those unless people, of districts 
of accommodation the for Laws other pass to refused has 

them. to attend to neglected utterly has 
suspended, so when and obtained; be should Assent his 
operation their in suspended unless importance, pressing 
immediate of Laws pass to Governors his forbidden has 

good. public the 
necessary and wholesome most the Laws, to Assent his refused has 

world. candid a to submitted 
Facts let this, prove To  States. these over Tyranny absolute an 
establishment the object direct in having all usurpations, and 
repeated of history a is Britain Great of King present the of history 
Government. of Systems former their alter to them constrains which necessity 
now is such and Colonies; these of sufferance patient the been has 
security. future their for Guards new provide to and Government, such 
throw to duty, their is it right, their is it Despotism, absolute under 
reduce to design a evinces Object same the invariably pursuing 
and abuses of train long a when But  accustomed. are they which to forms 
abolishing by themselves right to than sufferable, are evils while suffer, 
disposed more are mankind that shown, hath experience all accordingly 
causes; transient and light for changed be not should established 
Governments that dictate will indeed, Prudence,  Happiness. and Safety 
effect to likely most seem shall them to as form, such in powers 
organizing and principles such on foundation its laying Government, 
institute to and it, abolish to or alter to People the of Right the is 
ends, these of destructive becomes Government of Form any whenever 
governed, the of consent the from powers just their 
Men, among instituted are Governments rights, these secure to 
Happiness. of pursuit the and Liberty, Life, are these among 
Rights, unalienable certain with Creator their by endowed are they 
equal, created are men all that self-evident, be to truths these hold 

separation. the to them 
which causes the declare should they that requires mankind 
opinions the to respect decent a them, entitle God Nature's 
and Nature of Laws the which to station equal and separate 
earth, the of Powers the among assume, to and another, with 
connected have which bands political the dissolve to people 
for necessary becomes it events, human of Course the in 



America of States united thirteen the of Declaration unanimous 

1776 4, July CONGRESS, 




America of States United The of Independence of Declaration 



Independence** of Declaration The of Etext Gutenberg Project 


original.] the in as spelled is however, "Brittish", 05: Apr 

"Brittain." including time, this at find easily to able 
not should I which and 1971, in back used I "facsimiles" 
those from removed misspellings several has document resulting 

out]. left have I names [which documents the on appear names 
even and, punctuation, capitalization, in variations of plethora 
is There  "facsimiles." other of nor original, the as same the 
be to going NOT will Indendence of Declaration the of 
even that conclude to States] United the by provided 
official that within [even discrepancies enough across come have 
Etext, first our of transcription this creating for research my 

base. a as this using edition own your 
to free feel Please  choose. they manner any in copy and use to 
for thus is and etc., Sharewared, copyrighted, never was file 

2001. in drive priced comparably a of 1-2% about take should 
of end the by online have to hope we files 10,000 The  tape. 
on one plus kept were backups tape Two  1-2%. took file this 
of megabytes, 5 contained and $1500, cost carrier, cake a in 
large a of size the was diskpack The  retrieval. for mounted 
be diskpack or tape a required which set instruction emailed an 
stored was title The  1971. in early Gutenberg, Project by 
Etext first the was Independence of Declaration States United 
